update ds/heap (#40)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/ds/heap.md

author: ouuan

> A [heap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heap_(data_structure)) is a tree, each node of which has a key value. The value of each node is greater than or equal to/less than or equal to the value of its parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [heap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heap_(data_structure)) is a tree in which each node has a key value. The value of each node is greater than or equal to/less than or equal to the value of its parent.
```

The heap whose value of each node is greater than or equal to its parent value is called the min heap, otherwise it is called the max heap. The `priority_queue` in [STL](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/priority_queue) is actually a max heap.

> The main operations supported by the (min) heap are: insert a number, query the minimum value, delete the minimum value, merge two heaps, and reduce the value of an element.

Reviewer: > query the minimum value, delete the minimum value
可以合成成 query or delete min value

|        insert       |                                   $O(1)$                                  |   $O(\log n)$  |   $O(\log n)$  |     $O(1)$     |     $O(1)$    |
|     find-min     |                                   $O(1)$                                  |     $O(1)$     |     $O(1)$     |   $O(\log n)$  |     $O(1)$    |
|    delete-min    |                                $O(\log n)$                                |   $O(\log n)$  |   $O(\log n)$  |   $O(\log n)$  |  $O(\log n)$  |
|        merge       |                                   $O(1)$                                  |     $O(n)$     |   $O(\log n)$  |   $O(\log n)$  |     $O(1)$    |
| decrease-key |  $o(\log n) (Lower bound\Omega(\log \log n) ，\\\\Upper bound O(2^{2\sqrt{\log \log n}}) )$  |   $O(\log n)$  |   $O(\log n)$  |   $O(\log n)$  |     $O(1)$    |
|         Whether to support persistence        |                                  $\times$                                 |  $\checkmark$  |  $\checkmark$  |  $\checkmark$  |    $\times$   |

> Traditionally, when referring to "heap" without any restrictions, we are referring to a binary heap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, when referring to "heap" without any specifications, we are referring to a binary heap.
```
